!! 7drl roadmap !!


! day 1 !
Work on level generation, prefabs, entity spawning etc
Dungeons should get harder as you go deeper, cycle through Dungeons
levels and make sure its all usable stuff

! day 2 !
Work on combat, get some inventory working with ui
Need the ability to pick up items, equip them, and use them on enemies etc

! day 3 !
Start adding enemies and ai, work on a faction system, pulling mechanics, aggro
Enemies should be able to fight eachother (?)
Also work on a class/race system

-> Enemies should see if there's an entity around them that they can attack
   and perform a bump attack, dont just rely on them walking into eachother

! day 4 !
refine ui, ai, generation, get a basic game loop working
need the ability to go down levels, win the game, restart etc

! day 5 !
Make a menu, have the ability to pick a race and class

! day 6 !
refine refine refine

! day 7 !
playtest playtest refine

! day 8 !
sleep


! general notes !

Water tiles can be animated by changing their rgb/a values right before
rendering based on some sin/cos/time crap

Perhaps draw a path to the mouse?

Print out what tile/thing you are hovering over, like "you see a wall"
Also add the ability to inspect and move the inspection tile around with keyboard
Mouse hover is basically this mode.
for an item it might give a description, for an enemy it would give a description, stats, perhaps what
its wearing, if its hostile or not, its faction etc, and options to

Right click opens an inventory context menu on the item you're inspecting, so you can pick an item to use
a key might be used on a door, a dagger might be thrown at an enemy, and a spell might be cast at the target

! item / inventory !
Hover over an item (or entity) = print description

Press F = Open throw/fire menu (list all throwable and fire-able items in inventory)
    -> Chose target (either mouse or directional keys)

Press R = Open usables menu (list all usable items, potions, scrolls etc)

Press I = Open equipment menu (list all wearables)
    -> Also print out character details, health, stats, etc

Press P = Open drop menu (list all inventory)

Press G = Open grab menu (list all items player is standing on)

Press O = Open door in given direction